With AWS EC2 you pay for the compute time.
Ypu only pay for the compute time that you use.
It offers diffirent pricing options.

- On Demand Instances are best used for short-term workloads.
It requires no upfront costs or minimum amount the purchase.
The instances run until you stop them.
Ypu pay for what you use.

- AWS EC2 Savings Plan is commitment for usage over a 1-year or 3-year term.
Committing to a period gives a discounted price.
If you surpass the budget, the cost goes to normal (on-demand) prices.

- AWS Cost Explorer is a tool that helps to plan usage with AWS Cloud.

- Reserved Instances are used to reserve instances for an agreed period.
The option are for 1-year or 3-year. Tje latter one gives the highest discount.

- Spot Instances are best for workload with flexible start and end times, wich can take interruptions. This pricing model can give up to a 90% cost savings.
The reason behind the discount is that AWS can optimize its capacity, giving you better prices.

-Dedicated Hosts are physical servers fully dedicated to you.
You can use your existing VM sortware license.
The Dedicated Host is the most expensive model.

___

AWS EC2 Scaling
Scaling is about only using the resources that you need.
In addtion, have the flexibility to grow freely.
Make sure to have an architecture that can handle changes in demand.
Designing a scalable architecture allow you to only pay for the resources that you need at any given time.

AWS EC2 Auto Scaling
Servers can get more request than they can handle.
Too many request can cause timeouts and outages.
AWS Auto Scaling allows you to add or remove EC@ instance automatically.
It automates the capacity to the demand.
There are two approaches:
	Dynamic scaling: responds to changing demand.
	Predictive scaling: schedules the number of instances based on a predicted demand.
	Dynamic and Predictive scaling can be combined to scale faster.
AWS EC@ Auto Scaling can be added as a buffer on top of your instances.
It can add new instances to the applicaton when necessary and terminate them when no longer needed.
You can setup a group of instances.
Here you can set a minimum capacity of instances that will always be running. The rest will operate when necessary.

You can set the desired number of AWS EC2 instances in the scaling group.
However, the desired capacity defaults to your minimum capacity if not specified.
The last configuration is Maximum capacity.
Here you set the maximum capacity of instances to be used.




